how to make salmon nigiri hello and
welcome to videojug
nigiri sushi is a slice of raw or cooked
fish pressed by hand onto a pad of rice
you can make nigiri with almost any kind
of fish we're going to make it with raw
salmon step 1
you will need sushi rice for how to make
this watch videojug how to make sushi
rice fish some wasabi a sharp knife and
a bowl of water step 2
slice slice the fish into rectangles
that are about 5 centimeters by 4
centimeters and half a centimeter thick
step3 form the nigiri first dip your
hands into a bowl of water this will
make the rice easier to handle pick up a
strip of fish in one hand and a ball of
rice in the other smear a pinch of
wasabi onto the fish and lay the rice on
top flip the nigiri over lightly squeeze
and turn to ensure that it's evenly
pressed
let's see that again fish wasabi rice
flip it over and turn to ensure that
it's evenly pressed
this hand turning method is called
takashi its purpose is to shape the
nigiri without mashing the rice
step four serve nigiri has always served
in pairs to symbolize peace they are
usually served with other sushi dishes
recipes for which can be found on the
videojug website
done